What are you doing up there?
Don't roll down
Well, he's not really pretentious.
Think you are the new generation of pride
He turned on Skylark earlier
If I really pull out the Eight Desolate Sword this time
That means he is
Don't worry, Patriarch Zhao was only lucky before
But this knife can't even be pulled out by Duke Zhou
He's just embarrassing to come up here, boy
What is your identity?
Also equipped with igniting the Eight Wilderness Saber
Heaven Dou majesty
Incorruptible
This Eight Desolate Python Blade has stood here for three years
And I went into hiding for three years.
I didn't expect this knife to be still sharp
And I can still stand out from the crowd
Fart against the sky
The boy is relying on bragging
If you don't commit a capital crime, just blow into the sky
Linze, stop being stupid
Blood Poison Eight Desolate Python Sword is equivalent to contempt for Heaven Dou
You can't afford the consequences of this
If you really dare to draw a knife
Committed a heinous crime
When the wind comes up
You'll end up dead
If Tian Doulong leads the general
You have to have nine legs.
Don't you understand by now?
Open the lark and rise to the eight wilderness
No matter who
Will worship me as king